[ANDROID][SDK] Update readme (#116)
NimbleEdge/deliteAI: sdks/android/README.md

keyAlias=your_key_alias
```

#### 6. External Dependencies 

> Run the following command from the **ROOT of the repo** to download all the required dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to download all the required dependencies:
```

```bash

> ./setup.sh --sdk android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$GIT_ROOT/setup.sh --sdk android
```
